# E01a-Control-Structues

Hello! Here, you have stumbled upon my very first activity in Game Technology class at Indiana University. This assignment consists of nine sections, then an additional section for extra credit. Main1.py is the first section, containing two simple commands. This section will print "greetings," and then the question "what is my favorite color?" which is followed by the option to type in your answer. Main2.py builds on this, adding a command that reprints the answer a user enters. 
Main3.py then adds replies for two different conditions, the answer being "red" deemed as correct. Any other answer is considered incorrect. Main4.py, Main5.py and Main6.py then address the instances where a space added or random capitalization put out the incorrect reply, even if the correct idea is entered. Main7.py then adds a new potential output, the phrase "Close!" if the user enters the word "pink." Main8.py presents similar conditions, but still outputs the same messages based on the answer a user inputs. Main9.py commands the program to count the number of entries a user makes, then, after a user finally enters the correct answer, the program prints a message containing this recorded number in order to inform the user how many "guesses" it took for them to enter to correct answer. Main10.py is the extra credit portion. Here, a simple game is presented that contains many of the same basic commands from the previous files. Here, a user enters a color after the question is posed, "what is my favorite color?" The program records the number of guesses, outputs messages based on the answer entered, and asks the user if they would like to play again once they guess the correct color. If any answer besides "n" or "no" is entered, then the game begins again. I have left comments under a majority of the lines containing my best attempt to describe what the line is commanding the program to do. As I am a beginner, some of these explanations may be just plain ridiculous. I accept this. I can appreciate the beauty that lies in a wrong answer. Enjoy! May my entries be proof, in the future, that everyone starts somewhere. Enjoy!

